Azure private link (#5929)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/secure/databricks-privatelink.md

<SetUpPages features={'/snippets/_available-tiers-privatelink.md'}/>

The following steps will walk you through the setup of a Databricks AWS PrivateLink or Azure Private Link endpoint in the dbt Cloud multi-tenant environment.

## Configure AWS PrivateLink

1. Locate your [Databricks instance name](https://docs.databricks.com/en/workspace/workspace-details.html#workspace-instance-names-urls-and-ids)
  -  Example: `cust-success.cloud.databricks.com`

> 2. Add the required information to the template below, and submit your request to [dbt Support](https://docs.getdbt.com/community/resources/getting-help#dbt-cloud-support): 

Author: ```suggestion
2. Add the required information to the template below, and submit your request to [dbt Support](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-support#dbt-cloud-support): 
```

> 2. Add the required information to the template below, and submit your request to [dbt Support](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-support#dbt-cloud-support): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the required information to the following template and submit your AWS PrivateLink request to [dbt Support](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-support#dbt-cloud-support): 
```

:::

## Configure Azure Private Link

1. Navigate to your Azure Databricks workspace. 

>     The path is: `/subscriptions/<subscription_uuid>/resourceGroups/<resource_group_name>/providers/Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces/<workspace_name>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The path format is: `/subscriptions/<subscription_uuid>/resourceGroups/<resource_group_name>/providers/Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces/<workspace_name>`.
```

2. From the workspace overview, click **JSON view**. 
3. Copy the value in the `resource_id` field.  

> 4. Add the required information to the following template and submit your request to [our Support team](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-support#dbt-cloud-support): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add the required information to the following template and submit your Azure Private Link request to [dbt Support](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-support#dbt-cloud-support): 
```

> 4. Add the required information to the template below, and submit your request to [dbt Support](https://docs.getdbt.com/community/resources/getting-help#dbt-cloud-support): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add the required information to the following template and submit your request to [our Support team](https://docs.getdbt.com/community/resources/getting-help#dbt-cloud-support): 
```

Reviewer: curious, do we want to use `mailto:support@getdbt.com` instead? 

also is the support URL used preferred to this one here `https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-support#dbt-cloud-support`?

Author: Going to leave Support capitalized here as per other feedback. We avoided the mailto because someone had mentioned clicking expected a link and having it open their email service. Might be work a larger discussion. I'll see if I can get a copy of that feedback.

> 4. Add the required information to the following template and submit your request to [our Support team](https://docs.getdbt.com/community/resources/getting-help#dbt-cloud-support): 

Author: ```suggestion
4. Add the required information to the following template and submit your request to [our Support team](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-support#dbt-cloud-support): 
```

    ```
      Subject: New Azure Multi-Tenant Private Link Request
    - Type: Databricks
    - Databricks instance name:
    - Databricks Azure resource ID:
    - dbt Cloud multi-tenant environment: EMEA
    ```

> 5. Once Support confirms the resources are available in the Azure portal, navigate to the Azure Databricks Workspace and go to **Networking** --> **Private Endpoint Connections** --> highlight the `dbt` named option, and select **Approve**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once our Support team confirms the resources are available in the Azure portal, navigate to the Azure Databricks Workspace and browse to **Networking** > **Private Endpoint Connections**. Then, highlight the `dbt` named option and select **Approve**.
```

Author: We treat "Support" like a proper noun in other places so I'll leave this for now to remain consistent. We change them in the future if folks feel one way or another about it

Reviewer: to be fair, i've seen both in our docs. i received feedback in the past to use lower case like "sales team" / "support team" . 

totally non-blocking
